correct name of the server release file (#4310)
owncloud/docs: docs/new-version-branch.md

    (it contains the correct branch specific setup rules and replaces the current one coming from master)

> 3.  In `.drone.star` set `latest_version` to `10.x` (on top in section `def main(ctx)`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  In `.drone.star` set `latest_version` to `10.x` (on top in section `def main(ctx)`).
```

> 4.  In `site.yml` have **only one** branch at `url: https://github.com/owncloud/docs.git`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  In `site.yml` make sure there is **only one** branch at `url: https://github.com/owncloud/docs.git`.
```

>     and set it to the **former** version of 10.x `10.x-1` ! (in section `content.sources.url.branches`). Note, this step is only necessary for the docs repo, but not for the sub repos which are included (like docs-client-desktop)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and set it to the **former** version of 10.x `10.x-1` ! (in section `content.sources.url.branches`). Note, this step is only necessary for the docs repo, but not for the sub repos which are included (like docs-client-desktop).
```

> 5.  In `site.yml`, in section `asciidoc.attributes`, adjust all `-version` keys according the new and former releases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.  In `site.yml`, in section `asciidoc.attributes`, adjust all `-version` keys according to the new and former releases.
```

> 6.  In `antora.yml` change the version from `next` to `10.x`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.  In `antora.yml` change the version from `next` to `10.x`.
```

> 7.  In `antora.yml`, in section `asciidoc.attributes`, adjust all version dependent keys if exists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7.  In `antora.yml`, in section `asciidoc.attributes`, adjust all version dependent keys if applicable.
```

Reviewer: of: ...if the section exists.

> 8.  Edit the `modules/ROOT/pages/server_releases.adoc` file and manually add/link the pdf files from the former `10.x-2` branch to the `Older ownCloud Server Releases` section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8.  Edit the `modules/ROOT/pages/server_releases.adoc` file and manually add/link the pdf files from the former `10.x-2` branch to the `Older ownCloud Server Releases` section.
```

> 9.  Run a build by entering `yarn antora`. No build errors should occur

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9.  Run a build by entering `yarn antora`. No build errors should occur.
```

> 11.  Create new `changes_necessary_for_10.x` branch based on latest `origin/master`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11.  Create new `changes_necessary_for_10.x` branch based on latest `origin/master`.
```

> 12.  In `.drone.star` set `latest_version` to `10.x` (on top in section `def main(ctx)`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12.  In `.drone.star` set `latest_version` to `10.x` (on top in section `def main(ctx)`).
```

> 13. In `site.yml` adjust the last **two** branches at `url: https://github.com/owncloud/docs.git` accordingly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. In `site.yml` adjust the last **two** branches at `url: https://github.com/owncloud/docs.git` accordingly.
```

>    (in section `content.sources.url.branches`). Note, this step is only necessary for the docs repo, but not for the sub repos which are included (like docs-client-desktop)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (in section `content.sources.url.branches`). Note, this step is only necessary for the docs repo, but not for the sub repos which are included (like docs-client-desktop).
```

> 14. In `site.yml` in section `asciidoc.attributes`, adjust all `-version` keys according the new and former releases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
14. In `site.yml` in section `asciidoc.attributes`, adjust all `-version` keys according to the new and former releases.
```

> 15. In `antora.yml`, check if the version is set to `next` and adjust all version dependent keys if exists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15. In `antora.yml`, check if the version is set to `next` and adjust all version dependent keys if any exist.
```

> 16. Edit the `modules/ROOT/pages/server_releases.adoc` file and manually add/link the pdf files from the former `10.x-2` branch to the `Older ownCloud Server Releases` section (you can copy the changes made from step 1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
16. Edit the `modules/ROOT/pages/server_releases.adoc` file and manually add/link the pdf files from the former `10.x-2` branch to the `Older ownCloud Server Releases` section (you can copy the changes made from step 1).
```

> 17. Run a build by entering `yarn antora`. No build errors should occur

Reviewer: ```suggestion
17. Run a build by entering `yarn antora`. No build errors should occur.
```

> 18. Commit changes and push it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
18. Commit changes and push them.
```

> 19. Create a Pull Request. When CI is green, all is done correctly. Merge the PR to master

Reviewer: ```suggestion
19. Create a Pull Request. When CI is green, all is done correctly. Merge the PR to master.
```

**Step 4: Set `latest` to 10.x**

> 22. Nothing needs to be done there. At the moment where the new server release gets tagged - which is part of the release process - `latest` will be automatically set to the tagged release number. This works automatically up to version 10.20. Post that, backend-admins need to be informed to updated the process behind

Reviewer: ```suggestion
22. Nothing needs to be done there. The moment when the new server release gets tagged - which is part of the release process - `latest` will be automatically set to the tagged release number. This works automatically up to version 10.20. After that, backend admins need to be informed to updated the underlying process.
```
